Add metric of TiFlash Coprocessor (#4148)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/monitor-tiflash.md

- Request Duration: The total duration of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests. The total duration is from the time that the coprocessor request is received to the time that the response to the request is completed.
- Error QPS: The number of errors of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests. `meet_lock` means that the read data is locked. `region_not_found` means that the Region does not exist. `epoch_not_match` means the read Region epoch is inconsistent with the local epoch. `kv_client_error` means that the communication with TiKV returns an error. `internal_error` is the internal system error of TiFlash. `other` is other types of errors.
- Request Handle Duration: The duration of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests. The processing time is from starting to execute the coprocessor request to completing the execution.
- Response Bytes/Seconds: The total bytes of the response from all TiFlash instances.
- Cop task memory usage: The total memory usage of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests.

> - Handling Request Number: The sum of the number of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests. The classification of the requests is the same as that in the Request QPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handling Request Number: The total number of all TiFlash instances processing coprocessor requests. The classification of the requests is the same as that of Request QPS.
```
